README.md, before:

# Gridaboard v2

### npm install 시 react-virtualized가 react@^17.0.1 에서 문제를 일으킨다.
    npm install --legacy-peer-deps react-virtualized
로 따로 설치해 줘야 한다

### 한글 문자열을 i18n해야 한다

문자열 찾기에서 정규식 표현으로 다음을 넣고 한글 문자열을 찾은 다음, localization을 해야.
```["'].[ㄱ-ㅎㅏ-ㅣ가-힣]+.*[."]```

### Fabric.js가 들어가면 electron에서 compile이 안된다.
이는 canvas 2.6.1을 쓰면서 nan 2.14.1을 쓰기 때문으로, nan 2.14.0을 쓰게 하면 된다.
npm uninstall nan && npm install nan@2.14.0

https://www.npmjs.com/package/canvas
https://github.com/Automattic/node-canvas/wiki/Installation:-Windows

아래의 두개 package를 설치하고, "영문" 버전의 visual studio 2019 community를 C++ 데스크탑 어플리케이션 개발용으로 설치

C:/GTK
C:/libjpeg-turbo64


### deploy시
1. index.html에서 "dev" 를 "live"로 바꾸어주어야 한다



This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `yarn build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify
# Gridaboard v2

Commit message:

Update README.md to English

README.md, after:

# Gridaboard v2

### When npm install, react-virtualized causes a problem in react@^17.0.1.
     npm install --legacy-peer-deps react-virtualized
It must be installed separately.

### Korean strings must be i18n

In the string search, enter the following as a regular expression to find the Korean string, then localize it.
```["'].[ㄱ-ㅎㅏ-ㅣga-hi]+.*[."]```

### If Fabric.js is included, it will not compile in electron.
This is because nan 2.14.1 is used while canvas 2.6.1 is used, so nan 2.14.0 can be used.
npm uninstall nan && npm install nan@2.14.0

https://www.npmjs.com/package/canvas
https://github.com/Automattic/node-canvas/wiki/Installation:-Windows

Install the two packages below and install the "English" version of visual studio 2019 community for developing C++ desktop applications.

C:/GTK
C:/libjpeg-turbo64


### When deploying
1. In index.html, “dev” must be changed to “live”



This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `yarn build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify
# Gridaboard v2
